Matt's taking on the Giants this one
would have a thrilling finish no score
top of the third
Aaron Hoang on the hill for New York
Gregor Blanco crushes a 2-run homer to
right his third of the season that gets
the Giants on the board first making it
two to nothing San Francisco Giants
threatening again in the fourth two on
and two out Blanco hits a fly ball to
right field Andrew Brown comes over and
he drops it it's an error
Brandon Crawford scores on the play
making it three nothing Giants checking
out again should be routine but Brown
can't hang on shut the head to the knife
that's for one Giants big black deals to
Angel Pagan who it's a fly ball towards
left Brown now and left coming in Ruben
Tejada going packed and look out the two
had a collision as Tejada hangs on to
make the catch
check it out again Brown takes out two
hottas legs now both players would
finish the inning in the field but
Tejada would be taken out in the bottom
of the ninth with a broken fibula and
now we move into the bottom of the ninth
Sergio Romo on for the save Zach Lutz
entered the game as a pinch-hitter in
place of Tejada two men on and a chance
to do some damage
so it's a 4-2 game next batter is one
Centeno playing for Travis d'Arnaud who
was injured on Tuesday he hits one to
the left side Brandon Crawford fields
and goes to third
not in time one run scores and it's a
four to three game Anthony Recker would
enter the game as a pinch runner for
Centeno and the Giants would lock the
bases loaded which brings up Omar
Quintanilla with a chance to win it he
flies out to right field but that is not
deep enough to allow the runner to tag
and score so it stays a 4-3 game next
batter
Josh satin takes his turn
the score and beat the Giants bullpen
for Mets win it in a walk-off fashion
that satin finishes two for four with
three ribbies and against the shaving
cream pie in the face
Sergio Romo blows his fifth save of the
season and he drops to four and eight on
the year and a tough no decision for
Matt Cain going seven and two thirds
allowing six hits one run six K's